Add information about changing the content source of a host (#1067)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_changing_the_content_source_of_a_host.adoc

[id="Changing_the_Content_Source_of_a_Host{context}"]
= Changing the Content Source of a Host

> A Content Source is a {SmartProxy} that a host consumes content from. Use this procedure to change the Content Source of a Host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A content source is a {SmartProxy} that a host consumes content from. Use this procedure to change the content source of a host
```

There are a few terms that are unique terms related to the project and they require capitalization. However, all other terms are just common nouns. A content source is just a source of content, not a real product term. It's a very common mistake to capitalize all terms in a project, but not necessary.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *All hosts*.

> . Select the check box of the host or hosts you want to change. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the check box of one or more hosts whose content source you want to change. 
```

. From the *Select Action* list, select *Change Content Source*.
. From the *Environment* list, select the new environment for your host.
. From the *Content View* list, select the new Content View for your host.
. From the *Content Source* list, select the new {SmartProxy} for your host.
. Click *Change content source*. 

> You can either complete the content source change using remote execution or manually. To update configuration on host using remote execution, click on *Run job invocation*. To update the content source manually, enter the autogenerated commands in *Change content source* on the host.

Reviewer: Please provide an xref to https://docs.theforeman.org/3.1/Managing_Hosts/index-foreman-el.html#executing-a-remote-job_managing-hosts
